https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-30970 port 4500 for 2.11 (#8722)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/customize_observability.adoc

- See xref:../observability/use_observability.adoc#exporting-metrics-to-external-endpoints[Exporting metrics to external endpoints]. 

> - See link:link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html/monitoring/configuring-user-workload-monitoring#enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects_preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack-uwm[Enabling monitoring for user-defined projects].

Author: ```suggestion
- See link:lhttps://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html-single/monitoring/index#enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects-uwm_preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack-uwm[Enabling monitoring for user-defined projects].
```
